Let's hop back over to frames and
groups, real quick.
We talked about frames,
we didn't talk about groups.
We talked about the fact that,
you can put a bunch of stuff in a frame.
A frame can be a container, like a div or
anything along those lines,
even an array if you wanted
to use that metaphor.
Group is another way, it kind of have
a bunch of stuff together as well,
but it doesn't have any of
the features of a frame,
it's not something you can
use kind of in a prototype.
It's just like, I wanna move a bunch
of stuff at once a bunch of times,
maybe you want to duplicate
three objects at the same time.
You can make a group real quick,
they'll stay together, so
when you select one of them,
you'll get all three.
So I can hit command J, or
right click and group them.
But, usually what I use this for
is if I had mixed I can
subtract 100 pixels and
that works that's great.
But what if I wanted it like okay, for
the whole selection go to the 00 point,
because I think you can
kind of see in this case,
my first thing here is at negative 1279.
What if I wanted this page to start at 00?
I could grab it, and I could try
to guess and move it around and
stuff along those lines.
I could do the math here,
that seems horrible.
What I'd rather do is just quickly make a
group say move that to zero on the y axis,
they'll all move and everything
will behave as I thought it should.
And then to ungroup you just hit
CMD+SHIFT+G, and it will ungroup those.
So I'll use it if I need to
do a bunch of stuff at once.
Occasionally, you wanna group things
while you're making the design.
I would say like 5% of the time,
I'm permanently keeping a group.
Rest of time I'm probably using a frame,
but I'm just temporarily doing something
I'll group it, do whatever I'm doing,
ungroup it really quickly.
Frames are what we use for
everything else,
we saw that you can draw a frame, hit F,
make box, put stuff in, right, make sense.
The other thing we might
wanna do is I have stuff.
What I wanna do in this case
is if I hit command option G,
cuz that's the letter we normal think for
frames, right?
Letter G,
it will make a frame out of that as well.
And cuz this is a transparent one, so
if I try, well non of you can see cuz this
Macbook is very fancy,
is am slamming on my trackpad.
[SOUND] Am slamming so hard trying to
select this, I could hit the name, or
I can hit command and I will actually
get it in this case as well, and
we can have that too.
So we can create frames by drawing them,
we can select stuff,
we can make a frame around
it with command option JPEG.
The other option if you're like, I'll
never remember that is, grab two things,
right click,
you have a bunch of options here.
And then eventually, you'll start
to memorize some of these things.
The one caveat is these two things
have different keystrokes for
creating groups and frames.
But just to keep you on your toes,
they have the same keystroke for
ungrouping and unframing,
which is command option G.
And that seems like you'll never remember
it, but over time you will, and if not,
I've made you this fun little card that
you can print out and put somewhere.
Okay, one other thing that we
want to kind of see here as well.
Just some other features of frames.
So this is a frame.
And if I go to the design piece here,
there is this ability to clip content,
right, cuz these circles
technically overflow the bounce.
But if I'm trying to I'll create a box or
something along those lines I
don't want it to overflow or
maybe it's like a browser window or
something along those lines.
We'll see some other use cases for
this in a little bit,
I can say anything outside the bounds of
this frame, hide, and put away forever.